I woke from my sleep at around three in the morning.
I woke from I sleep at around three in the morning .

I heard a scratching sound coming from inside my closet.
I heard a scratching sound coming from inside I closet .

I turned the light on beside my bed to investigate.
I turned the light on beside I bed to investigate .

I crept slowly toward the closet.
I crept slowly toward my closet .

My little brother jumped out of the closet, scaring me to death.
I little brother jumped out of my closet , scaring I to death .

Larry worked at an accounting firm.
Larry worked at an accounting firm .

It was a boring job but it paid the bills.
an accounting firm was a boring job but an accounting firm paid the bills .

Larry grew tired of doing the same thing every day.
Larry grew tired of doing the same thing every day .

He had the idea to have an office party.
Larry had the idea to have an office party .

By lunch the whole office had passed out and nothing got done.
By lunch the whole office had passed out and nothing got done .

Tom had a very short temper.
Tom had a very short temper .

One day a guest made him very angry.
One day a guest made him very angry .

He punched a hole in the wall of his house.
a guest punched a hole in the wall of a guest house .

Tom's guest became afraid and left quickly.
Tom guest became afraid and left quickly .

Tom sat on his couch filled with regret about his actions.
Tom sat on Tom couch filled with regret about Tom actions .

Jane had recently gotten a new job.
Jane had recently gotten a new job .

She was nervous about her first day of work.
Jane was nervous about Jane first day of work .

On the first day of work, Jane overslept.
On her first day of work , Jane .

Jane arrived at work an hour late.
Jane arrived at work an hour late .

Jane did not make a good impression at her new job.
Jane did not make a good impression at Jane new job .

I got Charlie Horse when I was four years old.
I got Charlie Horse when I was four years old .

He's a brown stuffed horse, and at 35 I still sleep with him at night.
Charlie Horse when I was four years old 's a brown stuffed horse , and at 35 I still sleep with Charlie Horse when I was four years old at night .

He was my best friend, and always laid at the head of my bed.
Charlie Horse when I was four years old was my best friend , and always laid at the head of my bed .

I laid him next to me, smelling his soft fur every night.
I laid Charlie Horse when I was four years old next to I , smelling Charlie Horse when I was four years old soft fur every night .

I liked to listen to my radio as I fell asleep cuddling him.
I liked to listen to I radio as I fell asleep cuddling Charlie Horse when I was four years old .

Laura loved corn.
Laura loved corn .

So she decided to grow some in her backyard.
So Laura decided to grow some in Laura backyard .

The whole process of growing them made her very excited.
The whole process of growing some in her backyard made Laura very excited .

But she realized that they required too much water.
But Laura realized that some in her backyard required too much water .

So Laura quickly abandoned her corn garden idea.
So Laura quickly abandoned Laura corn garden idea .

Julie was feeling hungry.
Julie was feeling hungry .

She thought she would order some Pizza.
Julie thought she would order some Pizza .

Julie order the food through an online website.
Julie order the food through an online website .

The pizza arrived and Julie tipped the driver.
some Pizza arrived and Julie tipped the driver .

Julie went to take a bite of the pizza and it was burnt!
Julie went to take a bite of some Pizza and a bite of the pizza was burnt !

Jody bought a goldfish from the pet store.
Jody bought a goldfish from the pet store .

She noticed that the goldfish looked quite fat.
Jody noticed that a goldfish looked quite fat .

Her mom told her that the goldfish had too much to eat.
Jody mom told her that a goldfish had too much to eat .

Jody adjusted her pet's diet.
Jody adjusted her pet 's diet .

The goldfish got skinnier and healthier.
a goldfish got skinnier and healthier .

David was walking down the street when he fell down.
David was walking down the street when David fell down .

He stood up and saw that his knee was bleeding.
David stood up and saw that David knee was bleeding .

He found a handkerchief in his pants and applied it to the wound.
David found a handkerchief in David pants and applied a handkerchief to the wound .

He hopped to the nearest pharmacy stifling his pain.
David hopped to the nearest pharmacy stifling David pain .

He then bought some peroxide and bandages to treat his knee.
David then bought some peroxide and bandages to treat David knee .

James was walking down a street one afternoon.
James was walking down a street one afternoon .

He noticed a wallet lying on the ground.
James noticed a wallet lying on the ground .

He decided to bring it to the police station.
James decided to bring a wallet lying on the ground to the police station .

That evening, the phone rang.
That evening , the phone rang .

The old man had called to thank James for returning his wallet.
The old man had called to thank James for returning James wallet .

Bobby thought Bill should buy a trailer and haul it with his car.
Bobby thought Bill should buy a trailer and haul a trailer with Bobby car .

Bill thought a truck would be better for what he needed.
Bill thought a truck would be better for what Bobby needed .

Bobby pointed out two vehicles were much more expensive.
Bobby pointed out two vehicles were much more expensive .

Bill was set in his ways with conventional thinking.
Bill was set in Bobby ways with conventional thinking .

He ended up buying the truck he wanted despite Bobby's advice.
Bobby up buying the truck Bobby wanted despite Bobby 's advice .

Last year I took a day trip to see a friend in Maine.
Last year I took a day trip to see a friend in Maine .

I took the Amtrak from Boston to Saco, Maine.
I took the Amtrak from Boston to Saco , Maine .

We had lunch at Gritty's in Portland.
We had lunch at Gritty 's in Portland .

My friend drove me back to the train station.
I friend drove I back to the train station .

I had a nice time and will visit my friend this year.
I had a nice time and will visit I friend Last year .

Walter was worried because his dog was showing a lot of aggression.
Walter was worried because Walter dog was showing a lot of aggression .

The dog recently began snapping at other dogs and even people.
his dog recently began snapping at other dogs and even people .

Walter consulted with his veterinarian.
Walter consulted with Walter veterinarian .

The vet discovered that the dog was suffering a flea infestation.
The vet discovered that his dog was suffering a flea infestation .

Some medication got rid of the fleas and the dog's bad mood, too.
Some medication got rid of his dog the dog 's bad mood , too .

Robbie was competing in a cross country meet.
Robbie was competing in a cross country meet .

He was halfway through when his leg cramped up.
Robbie was halfway through when Robbie leg cramped up .

Robbie wasn't sure he could go on.
Robbie was n't sure Robbie could go on .

He stopped for a minute and stretched his bad leg.
Robbie stopped for a minute and stretched Robbie bad leg .

Robbie began to run again and finished the race in second place.
Robbie began to run again and finished the race in second place .

Melody's parents surprised her with a trip to the big aquarium.
Melody 's parents surprised Melody 's with a trip to the big aquarium .

Melody took a nap during the two hour car ride to the aquarium.
Melody 's took a nap during the big aquarium hour car ride to the aquarium .

When they arrived, Melody was energetic and excited.
When Melody 's parents arrived , Melody 's was energetic and excited .

At the aquarium Melody saw sharks, tropical fish and many others.
At the big aquarium Melody 's saw sharks , tropical fish and many others .

After five hours at the aquarium, Melody and her family drove home.
After five hours at the big aquarium , Melody 's and her family drove home .

Nicole wanted to go to a concert in another city.
Nicole wanted to go to a concert in another city .

Unfortunately, Nicole could not drive.
Unfortunately , Nicole could not drive .

She asked her cousin to take her to the concert.
Nicole asked her cousin to take her to a concert in another city .

Her cousin agreed to drive if Nicole bought the tickets.
Nicole cousin agreed to drive if Nicole bought the tickets .

They went to the concert and had a great time.
They went to a concert in another city and had a great time .

The family planned their first trip to Universal Studios.
The family planned their first trip to Universal Studios .

They were excited to go on all the rides.
their were excited to go on all the rides .

They saw a lot of the characters.
their saw a lot of the characters .

They spent three days in the park.
their spent three days in the park .

They were sad to come home.
their were sad to come home .

The woman decided to start a new hobby.
The woman decided to start a new hobby .

She went to the craft store and picked out some supplies.
The woman went to the craft store and picked out some supplies .

She went home and created an amazing masterpiece.
The woman went home and created an amazing masterpiece .

She was very proud of her work.
The woman was very proud of The woman work .

She displayed it in her kitchen.
The woman displayed her work in The woman kitchen .

The couple took a romantic trip to the lake.
The couple took a romantic trip to the lake .

They stayed in a nice cabin by the water.
They stayed in a nice cabin by the water .

They went boating and relaxed in the hammock.
They went boating and relaxed in the hammock .

They were happy to reconnect with each other.
They were happy to reconnect with each other .

When they returned home, they decided to buy a lake house.
When They returned home , They decided to buy a lake house .

I went to a restaurant.
I went to a restaurant .

I ordered fries.
I ordered fries .

They put ketchup on the fries.
They put ketchup on fries .

I was furious at the awful site.
I was furious at the awful site .

After complaining, I was given delicious, ketchup free fries.
After complaining , I was given delicious , ketchup free fries .

My first girlfriend i met on the internet.
My first girlfriend My met on the internet .

She lives about 4 hours away from me.
My first girlfriend i lives about 4 hours away from My .

Finally after 2 years we met each other.
Finally after 2 years we met each other .

She stayed with me for a week or two.
My first girlfriend i stayed with My for a week or two .

We decided we couldn't be apart so she moved in with me.
we decided we could n't be apart so My first girlfriend i moved in with My .

Christmas was Tyler's favorite holiday.
Christmas was Tyler 's favorite holiday .

On Christmas morning he ran downstairs to the tree.
On Christmas morning Tyler 's ran downstairs to the tree .

Tyler saw so many presents and could not wait to open them.
Tyler 's saw so many presents and could not wait to open them .

By the time his parents woke up, Tyler had opened all his presents!
By the time Tyler 's 's parents woke up , Tyler had opened all Tyler 's presents !

Tyler showed his parents everything Santa Claus gave him.
Tyler 's showed his parents everything Santa Claus gave him .

The math teacher announced a pop quiz as class began.
The math teacher announced a pop quiz as class began .

While some students complained, he began passing out the quiz.
While some students complained , The math teacher began passing out a pop quiz as class .

I took out my pencil and began to work.
I took out I pencil and began to work .

About 5 minutes later, I finished.
About 5 minutes later , I finished .

I stood up feeling confident and turned it in.
I stood up feeling confident and turned feeling confident in .

Jill was going on a trip to the amazon.
Jill was going on a trip to the amazon .

She arrived after a flight from the US.
Jill arrived after a flight from the US .

Once there she marveled at all the beauty.
Once there Jill marveled at all the beauty .

It was dangerous, but exciting.
there she marveled at all the beauty was dangerous , but exciting .

Jill had a wonderful time on her trip to the Amazon.
Jill had a wonderful time on Jill trip to the amazon .

Marcus needed clothing for a business casual event.
Marcus needed clothing for a business casual event .

All of his clothes were either too formal or too casual.
All of his clothes were either too formal or too casual .

He decided to buy a pair of khakis.
Marcus decided to buy a pair of khakis .

The pair he bought fit him perfectly.
a pair of khakis Marcus bought fit Marcus perfectly .

Marcus was happy to have the right clothes for the event.
Marcus was happy to have a business casual event clothes for the event .

Chris is a defense attorney.
Chris is a defense attorney .

He has a client that he must defend in court.
Chris has a client that Chris must defend in court .

The client is not guilty.
a client that he must defend in court is not guilty .

Chris does his best to defend his client during his trial.
Chris does a client that he must defend in court to defend a client that he must defend in court client during his trial .

Chris wins the case and the client goes free.
Chris wins a client that he must defend in court and the client goes free .

David noticed he had put on a lot of weight recently.
David noticed he had put on a lot of weight recently .

He examined his habits to try and figure out the reason. 
David examined his habits to try and figure out the reason .

He realized he'd been eating too much fast food lately. 
David realized he 'd been eating too much fast food lately .

He stopped going to burger places and started a vegetarian diet.
David stopped going to burger places and started a vegetarian diet .

After a few weeks, he started to feel much better.
After a few weeks , David started to feel much better .

Ava was six years old.
Ava was six years old .

She wanted to learn to swim.
She wanted to learn to swim .

Her mom took her to the pool.
She mom took her to the pool .

There, she patiently taught Ava the basics.
There , Her mom patiently taught Ava the basics .

Soon Ava was paddling all by herself!
Soon Ava was paddling all by Ava !

Beth sent a letter to Santa Claus.
Beth sent a letter to Santa Claus .

She received a letter back in the mail.
Beth received a letter back in the mail .

Beth did not think that it sounded like the real Santa.
Beth did not think that a letter sounded like the real Santa .

She sent another letter calling that Santa a fake.
Beth sent another letter calling that the real Santa a fake .

She did not receive another letter back in the mail.
Beth did not receive another letter back in the mail .

Luke was playing hockey at school.
Luke was playing hockey at school .

The game was tied and almost over.
The game was tied and almost over .

Then Luke made the winning shot!
Then Luke made the winning shot !

Everybody cheered!
Everybody cheered !

Luke was so proud of himself!
Luke was so proud of Luke !

Heather and her family really wanted tacos for dinner.
Heather and her family really wanted tacos for dinner .

Two of the children wanted chicken tacos.
Two of the children wanted chicken tacos .

The other two children wanted beef.
The other Two of the children children wanted beef .

Heather took great care preparing all the tacos that each wanted.
Heather took great care preparing all the tacos that each wanted .

Everyone sat down at dinner and enjoyed eating the tacos together.
Everyone sat down at dinner and enjoyed eating chicken tacos together .

Stacy originally thought she wanted five kids.
Stacy originally thought Stacy wanted five kids .

She and Bob first were blessed with a daughter.
Stacy and Bob first were blessed with a daughter .

Two years later, they had twin girls.
Two years later , She and Bob had twin girls .

Now, Stacy is selling all her maternity and baby clothes.
Now , Stacy is selling all Stacy maternity and baby clothes .

She says she has changed her mind about wanting five kids!
Stacy says she has changed Stacy mind about wanting five kids !

Ken put a bottle of beer in the freezer.
Ken put a bottle of beer in the freezer .

He heard a popping noise.
Ken heard a popping noise .

He looked in the freezer and saw the bottle had burst.
Ken looked in a bottle of beer and saw the freezer had burst .

He didn't want to wait for another beer to get cold.
Ken did n't want to wait for another beer to get cold .

He drank a warm beer instead.
Ken drank a warm beer instead .

Jude was very excited about his college graduation ceremony.
Jude was very excited about Jude college graduation ceremony .

On the way to the arena, he got stuck in traffic.
On the way to the arena , Jude got stuck in traffic .

He only had an hour before the ceremony started.
Jude only had an hour before his college graduation ceremony started .

He thought he wasn't going to be able to make it in time.
Jude thought he was n't going to be able to make an hour in time .

Luckily, the traffic cleared up in time for him to get to the ceremony.
Luckily , his college graduation ceremony cleared up in time to get to the ceremony .

Anna was filling her bird feeders.
Anna was filling Anna bird feeders .

But a chunk of suet fell onto the ground.
But a chunk of suet fell onto the ground .

Her dog rushed over and lapped it up!
Anna dog rushed over and lapped a chunk of suet up !

Anna was astonished.
Anna was astonished .

She had no idea dogs loved bird food!
Anna had no idea dogs loved bird food !

My dog is terrified of thunder.
My dog is terrified of thunder .

There was a storm today.
There was a storm today .

He came running into my office.
My dog came running into My office .

He hid in the kneehole of my desk, trembling.
My dog hid in the kneehole of My desk , trembling .

Once the storm was over, he acted like a brave dog again.
Once the storm was over , My dog acted like a brave dog again .

Chad's dog would always jump on people.
Chad 's dog would always jump on people .

Chad couldn't bring his dog anywhere.
Chad 's could n't bring Chad 's dog anywhere .

Chad decided to hire a dog trainer.
Chad 's decided to hire a dog trainer .

The trainer taught the dog how to behave.
a dog trainer taught Chad 's dog how to behave .

Chad was proud to finally show off his dog to others.
Chad 's was proud to finally show off a dog trainer dog to others .

Jake needed a ride to the store.
Jake needed a ride to the store .

His girlfriend was working and wouldn't take him.
Jake girlfriend was working and would n't take Jake .

His brother was in the middle of a movie and said no.
Jake brother was in the middle of a movie and said no .

Jake decided to take the bus to the store.
Jake decided to take the store to the store .

He got what he needed all by himself.
Jake got what Jake needed all by Jake .

Justin was terrified of dogs.
Justin was terrified of dogs .

His girlfriend had a dog and he wanted to feel comfortable with it.
Justin girlfriend had a dog and Justin wanted to feel comfortable with it .

Justin went to therapy to help him get over his fear.
Justin went to therapy to help Justin get over Justin fear .

After a few months of therapy Justin felt better around dogs.
After a few months of therapy Justin felt better around dogs .

Justin then moved in with his girlfriend and her dog.
Justin then moved in with Justin girlfriend and a dog .

Andy was invited to a Halloween party.
Andy was invited to a Halloween party .

Andy figured that for dramatic effect, he should color his hair.
Andy figured that for dramatic effect , Andy should color Andy hair .

Since Andy's costume was green, Andy decided on that color.
Since Andy costume was green , Andy decided on that color .

After the stylist finished the coloring, Andy regretted it.
After the stylist finished the coloring , Andy regretted the coloring .

Andy was disappointed with his new, bold, green hair color.
Andy was disappointed with Andy new , bold , green hair color .

John was a pastor with a very bad memory.
John was a pastor with a very bad memory .

He tried to memorize his sermons many days in advance but to no avail.
John tried to memorize John sermons many days in advance but to no avail .

He decided to learn to sing to overcome his handicap.
John decided to learn to sing to overcome John handicap .

He then made all his sermons into music and sang them on Sundays.
John then made all John sermons into music and sang them on Sundays .

His congregation was delighted and so was he.
John congregation was delighted and so was he .

Karl was a good baseball player in his youth.
Karl was a good baseball player in Karl youth .

As a middle-aged man, he joined an adult baseball team.
As a middle-aged man , he joined an adult baseball team .

Karl is very competitive and will do anything to win.
Karl is very competitive and will do anything to win .

One day, he slid into second base to beat a throw and hurt his knee.
One day , Karl slid into second base to beat a throw and hurt a knee .

The injury made Karl realize that he wasn't young anymore.
The injury made Karl realize that Karl was n't young anymore .

Wendy was working at her local fast food establishment.
Wendy was working at her local fast food establishment .

She pretty much hated her Job.
her pretty much hated her Job .

Wendy was having a rough day and her employees were annoying her.
Wendy was having a rough day and her employees were annoying her .

The cook decided to defy her orders when she said go clean the trash.
The cook decided to defy her orders when her said go clean the trash .

Wendy flew off the handle and fired him on the spot.
Wendy flew off the handle and fired The cook on the spot .

Eric and his wife had a daughter named Meg.
Eric and his wife had a daughter named Meg .

Eric's wife passed away.
Eric wife passed away .

Eric and Meg were very sad.
Eric and Meg were very sad .

Eric met a woman and married her 5 years after his wife died.
Eric met a woman and married a woman 5 years after Eric wife died .

Meg is now happy with her new stepmother.
Meg is now happy with Meg new stepmother .

Nick was trying to buy a house.
Nick was trying to buy a house .

He lived with a roommate that he couldn't trust.
Nick lived with a roommate that Nick could n't trust .

His stuff always ended up missing from his bedroom.
Nick stuff always ended up missing from Nick bedroom .

He knew it had to be Nick so he decided he would move out.
Nick knew His stuff had to be Nick so he decided he would move out .

He found a place and moved out as fast as he could.
Nick found a place and moved out as fast as Nick could .

A Crow was sitting on a branch of a tree with a piece of cheese in her beak when a Fox observed her and set his wits to work to discover some way of getting the cheese.
A Crow was sitting on a branch of a tree with a piece of cheese in her beak when a Fox observed her and set a Fox wits to work to discover some way of getting the cheese .

Coming and standing under the tree he looked up and said, "What a noble bird I see above me!
Coming and standing under a tree with a piece of cheese in her beak a Fox looked up and said , `` What a noble bird a Fox see above a Fox !

Her beauty is without equal, the hue of her plumage exquisite.
her beauty is without equal , the hue of her plumage exquisite .

If only her voice is as sweet as her looks are fair, she ought without doubt to be Queen of the Birds."
If only her voice is as sweet as her looks are fair , her ought without doubt to be Queen of the Birds . ''

The Crow was hugely flattered by this, and just to show the Fox that she could sing she gave a loud caw.
A Crow was hugely flattered by this , and just to show a Fox that her could sing her gave a loud caw .

Down came the cheese, of course, and the Fox, snatching it up, said, "You have a voice, madam, I see: what you want is wits."
Down came her voice Fox and the cheese up , said , `` You have a voice , madam , a Fox see : what You want is wits . ''

A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow, and his mouth watered when he thought of the royal feast he would make, but he did not dare to attack him, for he was afraid of his sharp horns.
A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow , and his mouth watered when his thought of the royal feast his would make , but his did not dare to attack his , for his was afraid of his sharp horns .

Hunger, however, presently compelled him to do something: and as the use of force did not promise success, he determined to resort to artifice.
Hunger , however , presently compelled his to do something : and as the use of force did not promise success , his determined to resort to artifice .

Going up to the Bull in friendly fashion, he said to him, "I cannot help saying how much I admire your magnificent figure.
Going up to the Bull in friendly fashion , his said to his , `` his can not help saying how much his admire your magnificent figure .

What a fine head!
What a fine head !

What powerful shoulders and thighs!
What powerful shoulders and thighs !

But, my dear friend, what in the world makes you wear those ugly horns?
But , his dear friend , what in the world makes your wear those ugly horns ?

You must find them as awkward as they are unsightly.
your must find What a fine head ! as awkward as What a fine head ! are unsightly .

Believe me, you would do much better without them."
Believe his , your would do much better without What a fine head ! . ''

The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off; and, having now lost his only means of defense, fell an easy prey to the Lion.
the Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his sharp horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to A Lion .

An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it.
An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized An Eagle in his talons with the intention of carrying An Eagle off and devouring An Eagle .

But the Serpent was too quick for him and had its coils round him in a moment; and then there ensued a life-and-death struggle between the two.
But a Serpent was too quick for his and had a Serpent coils round his in a moment ; and then there ensued a life-and-death struggle between the two .

A countryman, who was a witness of the encounter, came to the assistance of the Eagle, and succeeded in freeing him from the Serpent and enabling him to escape.
A countryman , who was a witness of An An Eagle , came to a Serpent of the Eagle , and succeeded in freeing A countryman from the Serpent and enabling A countryman to escape .

In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man's drinking-horn.
In revenge a Serpent spat some of A countryman poison into the man 's drinking-horn .

Heated with his exertions, the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn, when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand, and spilled its contents upon the ground.
Heated with some of some of some of his poison poison poison exertions , An Eagle was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the man 's , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled An Eagle contents upon the ground .

A Fox invited a Stork to dinner, at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup.
A Fox invited the only fare provided which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup .

The Fox lapped it up with great relish, but the Stork with her long bill tried in vain to partake of the savoury broth.
A Fox lapped dinner , at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup up with great relish , but a Stork tried in vain to partake of the savoury broth .

Her evident distress caused the sly Fox much amusement.
her evident distress caused the sly Fox much amusement .

But not long after the Stork invited him in turn, and set before him a pitcher with a long and narrow neck, into which she could get her bill with ease.
But not long after a Stork invited A Fox in turn , and set before A Fox a pitcher with a long and narrow neck , into which her could get her long bill with ease .

Thus, while she enjoyed her dinner, the Fox sat by hungry and helpless, for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel.
Thus , while her enjoyed dinner , at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup , A Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for A Fox to reach the tempting contents of the vessel .

A Farmer was greatly annoyed by a Fox, which came prowling about his yard at night and carried off his fowls.
A Farmer was greatly annoyed by a Fox , which came prowling about A Farmer yard at night and carried off A Farmer fowls .

So he set a trap for him and caught him; and in order to be revenged upon him, he tied a bunch of tow to his tail and set fire to it and let him go.
So A Farmer set a trap for A Farmer and caught A Farmer ; and in order to be revenged upon A Farmer , he tied a bunch of tow to A Farmer tail and set fire to a bunch of tow and let A Farmer go .

As ill-luck would have it, however, the Fox made straight for the fields where the corn was standing ripe and ready for cutting.
As ill-luck would have a trap , however , Fox made straight for the fields where the corn was standing ripe and ready for cutting .

It quickly caught fire and was all burnt up, and the Farmer lost all his harvest.
a trap quickly caught fire and was all burnt up , and A Farmer lost all A Farmer harvest .

A Lion asleep in his lair was waked up by a Mouse running over his face.
A Lion asleep in his lair was waked up by a Mouse running over his face .

Losing his temper he seized it with his paw and was about to kill it.
Losing his temper he seized his temper with his paw and was about to kill his temper .

The Mouse, terrified, piteously entreated him to spare its life.
The Mouse , The Mouse , terrified , terrified , piteously entreated his to spare The Mouse , terrified life .

Please let me go, it cried, "and one day I will repay you for your kindness."
Please let me go , The Mouse , terrified cried , `` and one day I will repay me . ''

The idea of so insignificant a creature ever being able to do anything for him amused the Lion so much that he laughed aloud, and good-humouredly let it go.
The idea of so insignificant a creature ever being able to do anything for your amused A Lion asleep in his lair so much that your laughed aloud , and good-humouredly let A Lion asleep in his lair go .

But the Mouse's chance came, after all.
But The Mouse , terrified chance came , after all .

One day the Lion got entangled in a net which had been spread for game by some hunters, and the Mouse heard and recognised his roars of anger and ran to the spot.
One day A Lion asleep in your lair got entangled in a net which had been spread for game by some hunters , and The Mouse , terrified heard and recognised his roars of anger and ran to the spot .

Without more ado it set to work to gnaw the ropes with its teeth, and succeeded before long in setting the Lion free.
Without more ado more ado set to work to gnaw A Lion asleep in his lair with more ado teeth , and succeeded before long in setting the Lion free .

There!
There !

said the Mouse, "you laughed at me when I promised I would repay you: but now you see, even a Mouse can help a Lion."
said The Mouse , terrified , `` you laughed at The Mouse , terrified when I promised I would repay you : but now you see , even a Mouse can help a Lion . ''

Alyssa got to the beach after a long trip.
Alyssa got to the beach after a long trip .

She's from Charlotte.
Alyssa 's from Charlotte .

She traveled from Atlanta.
Alyssa traveled from Atlanta .

She's now in Miami.
Alyssa 's now in Miami .

She went to Miami to visit some friends.
Alyssa went to Miami to visit some friends .

But she wanted some time to herself at the beach, so she went there first.
But Alyssa wanted some time to Alyssa at the beach , so Alyssa went there first .

After going swimming and laying out, she went to her friend Ellen's house.
After going swimming and laying out , Alyssa went to Alyssa friend Ellen 's house .

Ellen greeted Alyssa and they both had some lemonade to drink.
Ellen 's greeted Alyssa both had some lemonade to drink .

Alyssa called her friends Kristin and Rachel to meet at Ellen's house.
Alyssa called some friends Kristin and Rachel to meet at Ellen 's house .

The girls traded stories and caught up on their lives.
The girls traded stories and caught up on The girls lives .

It was a happy time for everyone.
Ellen 's house was a happy time for everyone .

The girls went to a restaurant for dinner.
The girls went to a restaurant for dinner .

The restaurant had a special on catfish.
a restaurant had a special on catfish .

Alyssa enjoyed the restaurant's special.
Alyssa enjoyed the restaurant 's special .

Ellen ordered a salad.
Ellen 's ordered a salad .

Kristin had soup.
Kristin had soup .

Rachel had a steak.
Rachel had a steak .

After eating, the ladies went back to Ellen's house to have fun.
After eating , the ladies went back to Ellen 's house to have fun .

They had lots of fun.
the ladies had lots of fun .

They stayed the night because they were tired.
the ladies stayed the night because the ladies were tired .

Alyssa was happy to spend time with her friends again.
Alyssa was happy to spend Ellen 's house with Alyssa friends again .

Will was playing his favorite song.
Will was playing Will favorite song .

The song was about a flower.
his favorite song was about a flower .

Will stopped singing and went outside.
Will stopped singing and went outside .

A single star was out in the night sky.
A single star was out in the night sky .

Will got hungry and went inside to get a biscuit.
Will got hungry and went inside to get a biscuit .

He also had jam with it.
He also had jam with a biscuit .

He didn't want chicken, gravy, or butter on his biscuit.
He did n't want chicken , gravy , or butter on a biscuit .

Will sat and finished his dinner in the kitchen.
Will sat and finished He dinner in the kitchen .

Will walked over to the living room.
Will walked over to the living room .

On his way there, he put a napkin in the trashcan.
On He way there , He put a napkin in the trashcan .

When he was in the living room, it started to rain.
When He was in the living room , it started to rain .

It stopped raining and Will walked all the way to the store.
the living room stopped raining and Will walked all the way to the store .

When at the store, Will had a good laugh at a very silly looking dog.
When at the store , Will had a good laugh at a very silly looking dog .

Will heard it start to thunder.
Will heard the store start to thunder .

Will looked outside to see if it was raining again, and it was not.
Will looked outside to see if the store was raining again , and the store was not .

Will was happy he didn't have to get wet walking home.
Will was happy Will did n't have to get wet walking home .

He went outside smiling.
Will went outside smiling .

Kelly woke up one morning and went outside to her back yard.
Kelly woke up one morning and went outside to her back yard .

She was in a hurry because it was Mother's Day and she had to collect flowers before her mom woke up to give to her as a present.
her mom was in a hurry because it was Mother 's Day and her had to collect flowers before her mom woke up to give to her as a present .

She was going to give her mom the biggest, most beautiful bunch of flowers her mother had ever seen.
Mother 's going to give her mom mom the biggest , most beautiful bunch of flowers her mother had ever seen .

She knew where the best flowers were in her yard.
her knew where the best flowers were in her back yard .

She got a lot of different sized flowers.
her got a lot of different sized flowers .

The red ones were big, the orange ones were small, and the green ones were in the middle.
The red ones were big , the orange ones were small , and the green ones were in the middle .

After Kelly collected all of the flowers, she went inside and tied them together with string.
After Kelly collected all of the flowers , her went inside and tied The red ones together with string .

After that, she had to hide the flowers in a secret spot.
After The red ones , her had to hide different sized flowers in a secret spot .

She hoped her baby sister Morgan, who was still in diapers, wouldn't find the flowers and eat them.
her hoped her baby sister Morgan , who was still in diapers , would n't find different sized flowers and eat The red ones .

Kelly was worried, so she hid them in a new spot that was up higher.
Kelly was worried , so her hid The red ones in a new spot that was up higher .

Finally, her mother woke up at 8:30 AM, and Kelly was excited!
Finally , Mother 's woke up at 8:30 AM , and Kelly was excited !

Kelly gave her mother the flowers.
Kelly gave Mother 's different sized flowers .

Her mother's favorite was the red one.
Mother 's favorite was the red one .

It was Saturday afternoon and Andrew was bored.
It was Saturday afternoon and Andrew was bored .

He had been watching TV all day.
Andrew had been watching TV all day .

He told his dad, "There's nothing to do!"
Andrew told his dad , `` There 's nothing to do ! ''

Andrew's dad said, "I think the newspaper is here.
Andrew dad said , `` Andrew 's dad think the newspaper is here .

Maybe we can find an idea in the newspaper."
Maybe we can find an idea in the newspaper . ''

Andrew looked outside the window and saw the newspaper by the door.
Andrew looked outside the newspaper and saw the newspaper by the door .

On the front was a picture of an elephant.
On the front was a picture of an elephant .

He picked up the newspaper and brought it to his dad.
Andrew picked up the newspaper and brought the newspaper to Andrew dad .

Andrew and his dad read the story.
Andrew and his dad read the story .

The circus was in town!
The circus was in town !

Andrew had never been to the circus.
Andrew had never been to The circus .

He asked his dad, "Can we go?"
Andrew asked his dad

Yes, we can, Andrew's dad said, "but first you need to feed your goldfish."
Yes , we can , Andrew 's dad , `` but first Andrew need to feed Andrew goldfish . ''

Andrew fed his goldfish some goldfish food.
Andrew fed your goldfish some goldfish food .

He promised to bring it some peanuts from the circus for later.
Andrew promised to bring your goldfish some peanuts from The circus .

Andrew and his dad went to the circus.
Andrew and his dad went to The circus .

The people and animals at the circus did lots of tricks.
The people and animals at The circus did lots of tricks .

The elephant even went down a slide!
an elephant even went down a slide !

Andrew and his dad ate lots of peanuts.
Andrew and his dad ate lots of some peanuts .

There weren't any peanuts left to bring home to the goldfish.
There were n't any peanuts left to bring home to your goldfish .

Andrew and his dad had a lot of fun at the circus.
Andrew and his dad had a lot of fun at The circus .

Maxine was a happy frog that lived in a beautiful pond by the river.
Maxine was a happy frog that lived in a beautiful pond by the river .

She loved to play in the water and take a bath every day.
Maxine loved to play in the water and take a bath every day .

But her friends, Martin, Edgar, and Cindy didn't like to take baths.
But Maxine friends , Martin , Edgar , and Cindy did n't like to take baths .

So one day when she was swimming alone, she met a new friend named Thomas.
So one day when Maxine was swimming alone , Maxine met a new friend named Thomas .

Thomas loved to take lots of baths, so he became friends with Maxine.
Thomas loved to take lots of baths , so Thomas became her friends with Maxine .

But Martin, Edgar, and Cindy didn't like Thomas.
But Martin , Edgar , and Cindy did n't like Thomas .

So one day when Maxine and Thomas were swimming, Cindy did something mean.
So one day when Maxine and Thomas were swimming , Cindy did something mean .

She threw rocks at Maxine and Thomas.
Maxine threw rocks at Maxine and Thomas .

Maxine's dad saw what happened and he was very mad.
Maxine dad saw what happened and Maxine 's dad was very mad .

He went over and yelled at Cindy for what she did.
Maxine 's dad went over and yelled at Cindy for what Cindy did .

After that Cindy didn't throw any rocks, and Maxine and Thomas could swim together and take lots of baths.
After rocks Cindy did n't throw any rocks , and Maxine and Thomas could swim together and take lots of baths .

They were very happy since they could play in the water as much as they wanted without other frogs being mean to them.
Maxine and Thomas were very happy since Maxine and Thomas could play in the water as much as Maxine and Thomas wanted without other frogs being mean to Maxine and Thomas .

